1.What is the purpose of CSS.?
i)It was created to style the HTML page.
ii)HTML defines the page structure
iii)CSS define look and feel of the web page.

2.Explain the different types of CSS Selector.?
i)Simple selector
h1,.content,#title

ii)Combinator selector
decentdent selector - Space
child selector - >
adjacemt sibiling selector - +
general sibiling selector - ~

iii)pseude selector
a:link
a:visited
a:hover
a:active

iv)pseudeo element selector
p::first-letter
p::first-line
p::before

v)Attribute selector
a[target]

3.Differenciate ID & Class Selectors?
i)ID is unique in a HTML page, A separate style for particular element.
ii)Class can be part of multiple elements, Single style can be used for many elements.
iii)ID has higher priority over the class

4.What is Box model in CSS.?
i)Every HTML elements are reactangle box to determine the width and hight
ii)Initially the size defined based on content of the element
iii)Box model covers Content,Padding,Border & Margin.

5.What is CSS Pre-Processor?
i)Used to genereate CSS using the Pre-Processor.
ii)We can write CSS in programmatic way.
iii)It's feature rich CSS development, we can store
values in variable and creation re-usable functions.

6.Explain the use of Float.?
i)It's used to align the element to left or right
ii)Floated element has to be cleared using clear property
iii)Uncleared float elements will affect the following elements flow.

7.What is Absolute & Relative units?
i)Units are used to define CSS values in some measurement.
ii)Absolute:It's exact value and won't change on any situation. Eg., 300px, 10cm
iii)Relative: It will change based on parent or relative element. Eg. 10%,5rem

8.Explain display inline,block, inline-block.?
i)Inline: Only occupies content space. Can't set width, height and top/bottom of padding/margin.
ii)Block:Occupies entire width of parent/window, adds new line.
iii)Inline-Block: combination of both, won't add new line, can
set width/height and padding/margin

9.Explain Position Property.?
Position has 4 types of values.
1)Static
2)Relative
3)Absolute
4)Fixed
5)sticky	
i)Static & Relative: 
By default all the elements are static,Relative only accepts top/left values.
ii)Absolute:
It's out of flow and can be positioned based on relative.
iii)Fixed:
It's out of flow. It's relative to the window...
iv)The element is positioned based on the user's scroll position

10.What is Cascading in CSS.?
i)CSS checks style definition and elements to apply the style
ii)If two styles are defined for the same elements,
the latest one will be applied.
iii)If we need to change the priority,
can add !important to the style value.

