1.What is JavaScript.?
i)High level, interpreted language
ii)Creating dynamic in interaction with web pages

2.What is Data Types in JavaScript.?
i)Primitive Types
string,number,boolen,null and undefined

ii)Refrence types
object,functions,arrays

3.Difference between null and undefined.?
i)Null - Intentional null(empty)value of variable
ii)Undefined - Declared variable without any value.

4.How to declare variable in JS.?
Can declare variable using
i)var = function - scoped
ii)let = block - scoped
iii)const = block - scoped - cont modify etc

5.What is closure in JS.?
A function had inner function
inner function has access to outer & global function.
or

JavaScript closure gives you access to an outer function's scope from 
an inner function

6.Difference between == and ===?
i)==loose equality - type coerion type not checkced
ii)===Strict equality - without type coericon value and type checked

7.What is hoisting.?
i)var and function declarations moved to the top

8.Ways to loop through an array?
using various methods such as
i)for 
ii)forEach
iii)for of

9.What is Promise in JS.?
A Promise in JavaScript is an object used to handle asynchronous operations.
It has methods like .then() and .catch(), 
and can be in three states: Pending, Fulfilled, or Rejected.

i)Js object and used to contorl asynchronous operation
ii)methods like .then() and .catch
It will be in one the 3 possible states
i)Fullfilled
ii)Rejected
iii)Pending.

10.Ways to define function.?
i)function declaration
ii)function expression
iii)self invoking function
iv)object method
v)arrow function

11.Carrying?
Currying is a technique of evaluation function with multiple arguments,
in to sequence of function with single argument
function add(a) {
  return function(b) {
    return a + b;
  };
}

add(2)(3); // 5

12.What is this keyword.?
This keyword is a reference variable that refers to the current object.

13.Diff btwn forEach and map method?
The map() method returns a new array, whereas the forEach() method does not return a new array

14. apply bind call
call() – invokes the function immediately, arguments passed one by one
apply() – invokes the function immediately, arguments passed as an array
bind() – does not invoke immediately, returns a new function with this fixed, and you can pass arguments


15. "async and await make promises easier to write"

async makes a function return a Promise

await makes a function wait for a Promise

16. "use strict"; Defines that JavaScript code should be executed in "strict mode".
The "use strict" directive was new in ECMAScript version 5.

17.Map
Map method used to when we want transforamtion of whole array.

18.Filter
Filter is used to when we want too filter the array to obtain required value

19.Reduce.?
Reduce is used to when we want to reduce the array to single value.
